page1 
Donnabelle Embodo 
Project Manager at Holmusk 
summary 
IT Service Management professional with 6 year industry experience specilize in mobile & telecom support , 
network infrastructure , computer hardware/software troubleshooting , application support and event organising . 
experience 
Project Manager at Holmusk 
September 2015 - present -lrb- 2 month -rrb- 
senior it specialist at McKinsey & Company 
January 2014 - October 2014 -lrb- 10 month -rrb- 
key responsibility lead it Operations and provide 1st and 2nd level end-user support on hardware and 
software application . 
Conduct end user training for it product and service . 
coach and develop colleague . 
provide specialize support in organise end to end it logistics for client event locally and overseas . 
manage ticket to ensure SLA be meet . 
it specialist at McKinsey & Company 
January 2011 - December 2013 -lrb- 3 year -rrb- 
key responsibility provide end-user support on hardware and software application , include Windows , 
Lotus Notes , Lotus Domino , Software Deployment , Blackberry , iOS and Android . 
install , configure , 
maintain , and update it hardware and software . 
collaborate with global help desk and backend it 
team to provide technical support . 
administer and improve lan/wan infrastructure . 
support seamless 
operation of video and audio conferencing and other infrastructure service . 
assist on-site presentation and 
event , as well as special it request from client team . 
manage procurement , vendor relationship and it 
administration -lrb- e.g. , asset management , documentation , workflow tracking -rrb- . 
collaborate with central IT and 
office it to deploy project locally and regionally . 
Monitor IT process & service effectiveness . 
contractor it specialist at McKinsey & Company 
August 2010 - December 2010 -lrb- 5 month -rrb- 
key responsibility manage the back-end it operation . 
configure and test printer for deployment . 
image laptop for new and exist user . 
perform quality test on all it equipment prior to issuance . 
tag and upload asset to the CRM tool . 
maintain it storeroom and server room . 
Dell Technical support specialist at Stream Global Services - Dell Computers 
March 2008 - July 2010 -lrb- 2 year 5 month -rrb- 
page2 
key responsibility handle technical issue for Dell 's corporate desktop and laptop user via phone , 
email and chat . 
help user resolve various computer issue such as blue screen , virus infection , slow 
performance and hardware related malfunction . 
perform preventive and maintenance solution like 
upgrade , datum back up & recovery , anti-virus installation and software update . 
evaluate computer system 
for part replacement and process onsite technician dispatch if require . 
Dell certified system expert 
-lrb- dcse -rrb- and undergo training for Microsoft Windows Vista , Microsoft Windows 7 and computer system 
tear down through Dell 's Technical Training Program . 
receive the ` customer experience 100 Club ' by 
Dell Global support Services , award to employee with high customer satisfaction score . 
AT&T Communications Network support technician at Sykes Asia Inc. . 
April 2007 - March 2008 -lrb- 1 year -rrb- 
key responsibility provide technical support for AT&T High speed and dial up subscriber in the US . 
assist end user on network connectivity issue , technical service inquiry and how-to s. Configured 
modem , router , switch and printer to setup basic home and office network . 
coordinate with other 
department within the organisation result to a timely issue resolution . 
escalate problem ticket to 
approprieate software vendor and oem . 
volunteer experience 
volunteer at Singapore Red Cross 
November 2013 - December 2013 -lrb- 2 month -rrb- 
assist in repack relief goods for typhoon victim . 
volunteer at Metropolitan YMCA Singapore 
volunteer for y Photo Club . 
a programme that aim to equip beneficiary with photography skill through 
indoor theory and outdoor practical session . 
as a extension of the y art challenge programme , y Photo 
Club hope to provide beneficiary with a new find wholesome hobby whilst help they realise and 
showcase they undiscovered creativity , as they grow they self-confidence and enhance they social skill . 
project 
Office renovation 
November 2011 to May 2012 
member : Donnabelle Embodo 
the project cover renovation of exist office space and expansion . 
I be involve in planning , design and 
implementation of Network and IT infrastructure -lrb- e.g. server room , network cabling , workstation layout -rrb- . 
supervise and coordinate with various 3rd party vendor to carry out work . 
asian Spider Event 
October 2012 to October 2013 
member : Donnabelle Embodo 
page3 
in charge of the overall it Logistics which include provision of av equipment under standard cost . 
work with the organise team in draft the event flow and gathering of it requirement . 
manage the 
event on the ground . 
language 
English -lrb- full professional proficiency -rrb- 
Tagalog -lrb- native or bilingual proficiency -rrb- 
certification 
ITIL Foundation Certificate in IT Service Management V3 
CSME , Inc. . 
license 100615051 December 2013 
Dell certified Systems Expert 
Dell License DCSE Tech ID : 518756 March 2008 
skill & expertise 
xp 
Operating Systems 
Technical support 
Microsoft Exchange 
active Directory 
Windows 7 
Windows 
BMC Remedy 
Windows xp 
IT Service Management 
VPN 
System Administration 
Blackberry Enterprise server 
Network Administration 
troubleshoot 
Windows server 
Software installation 
laptop 
help Desk support 
computer hardware 
Citrix 
ITIL certified 
education 
Ateneo de Davao University 
bachelor 's degree , Information Technology , 2003 - 2007 
activity and society : Microsoft Visual Studio Workshop by Lane Systems Inc. , Multimedia x2 experience , 
PSITE 3rd Mindanao Conference on IT Education 
page4 
interest 
emerge technology , Social Media marketing , Tech Start up , IT Service Management , Psychology , Travel , 
yoga , run 
page5 
Donnabelle Embodo 
Project Manager at Holmusk 
contact donnabelle on LinkedIn 
