page1 
Russell Ong 
senior Software Engineer - iOS at ReQall PTE ltd 
summary 
- iOS and Android application development with app on the App Store - various smartwatch sdk 
implementation - web application development for various client use Ruby on Rails . 
- various Facebook 
apus integration - various oauth/openid integration specialty : Mobile/Web application development , 
CMS/CRM/ERP Development , iOS/Android Development , Facebook/Twitter application development , 
Ruby , Ruby on Rails , objective-c , rest/soap framework , OAuth/OpenID integration 
experience 
senior Software Engineer at ReQall Technologies PTE ltd 
March 2012 - present -lrb- 3 year 8 month -rrb- 
- Mobile application development use native iOS and Android . 
- integration with various smartwatch 
sdk -lrb- Pebble , Samsung Gear/Gear Fit , Qualcomm Toq , Sony SmartWatch , Android wear , iWatch -rrb- - 
integration with auto manufacturer sdk -lrb- myspin -rrb- 
Assistant Professor at Chiang Kai Shek College 
June 2009 - April 2012 -lrb- 2 year 11 month -rrb- 
senior Software Engineer at Rivereo 
January 2011 - March 2012 -lrb- 1 year 3 month -rrb- 
- Web/Mobile application development - various apus integration 
Software Engineer at Exist Global 
August 2010 - December 2010 -lrb- 5 month -rrb- 
web application development 
senior Software Engineer at Brewed Concepts Inc 
July 2006 - August 2010 -lrb- 4 year 2 month -rrb- 
web Developer Team Management Systems Architect 
Web/Mobile Developer at E Commerce Percs 
April 2006 - July 2006 -lrb- 4 month -rrb- 
Mobile/Web application development 
project 
zeroin 
page2 
April 2013 to present 
member : Russell O. , Yat Pan Ng 
zeroin be the first context-aware , intelligent message app for the car . 
it use you personal smartphone 
to keep email distraction to a minimum , no matter what car you be in . 
only message that be important , 
contain actionable content and merit attention be read out , and driver can simply respond by voice to 
keep they eye on the road and hand on the wheel . 
Stay connect to what be important - zeroin restrict 
incoming message to just those from important contact , and then distil the content to just the part that 
require you attention . 
take action safely reply to both incoming and pend action item via voice . 
Recordr 
December 2012 to present 
member : Russell O. , Grae Joquico 
Recordr be the easiest audio/sound/voice recorder you can find . 
you can have the recording automatically 
sync across you device with icloud . 
it even allow you to record and play in the background ! 
other 
feature include : 1 . 
Sync file via you iTunes . 
2 . 
share recording via SoundCloud 3 . 
backup media file 
to you dropbox account 4 . 
upload to you Google Drive Account 5 . 
send to friend via e-mail . 
Recordr 
produce high quality recording that can be use for interview . 
sofab.com.ph 
September 2010 to present 
member : Russell O. , Bryan Chan , Richard G. , Grae Joquico 
cmg.com.ph 
December 2010 to present 
member : Russell O. , Richard G. , Bryan Chan , Grae Joquico 
sofab iPad application 
January 2011 to present 
member : Russell O. , Richard G. , Bryan Chan 
language 
English 
Filipino 
chinese 
skill & expertise 
Ruby on Rails 
Ruby 
Facebook API 
objective-c 
AJAX 
jquery 
web Services 
iOS Developer 
JavaScript 
page3 
rest 
iOS 
git 
android 
postgresql 
HTML 5 
json 
Titanium 
soap 
education 
De La Salle University 
msc , it , 2010 - 2012 
Chiang Kai Shek College 
BSCS , Computer Science , 2002 - 2006 
interest 
Webdev , Photography , Scuba Diving , Travel 
Publications 
Qualcomm Developer of the month 
July 1 , 2014 
author : Russell O. 
page4 
Russell Ong 
senior Software Engineer - iOS at ReQall PTE ltd 
5 people have recommend Russell 
`` it be great work with Russell ! 
a very intuitive guy and know where to punch and deliver code . 
he 
seamlessly integrate Facebook with one of we big project and cramped ton of AJAX functionality 
on another . 
on a different light , he be always eager to help and share he knowledge to other . 
and thirst 
to discover more , learn more trick and experiment with new technology , approach , technique and 
implementation . '' 
Richard G. , manage Russell at Rivereo 
`` Russell be a very productive person a colleague and friend who have a `` can-do '' attitude . 
it be my pleasure 
work with he for 2 year with he on major business project and be impress with the depth of 
knowledge he possess . 
Russell be a careful and great software engineer . 
self motivated and a proactive 
strategist . 
deliver result all the time but make no mistake , the guy know how to have fun . 
that be Russell 's 
way . 
I strongly recommend he . '' 
Jurgen Estanislao , UXC , Digital Projects Manager , Thousand Minds Social Media , work with Russell 
at Brewed Concepts Inc 
`` Russell be a great colleague ! 
a excellent programmer/developer who have strong dedication and appreciation 
in all of the project he handle . 
he be full of idea and knowledge which he always share to he co-worker . 
good job ! 
:-rrb-_NN '' 
Darryl Anne Gutierrez , work directly with Russell at Brewed Concepts Inc 
`` Russell be a great team-player , a excellent ror geek , fast learner and a great buddy ! 
;--rrb- keep it up ! '' 
Jeremy D. , work directly with Russell at Brewed Concepts Inc 
`` Russell be unbeatable especially in programming technique . 
he be self-motivated person . 
also I really like 
the way he treat he co-worker ... just continue be you and keep it up !!! '' 
Jenilee S. , work directly with Russell at Brewed Concepts Inc 
contact Russell on LinkedIn 
