page1 
Yamini Bhaskar 
Operations Manager at Holmusk 
experience 
Operations Manager at Holmusk 
July 2015 - present -lrb- 4 month -rrb- 
Holmusk be a innovative telehealth platform that use datum -lrb- analytic , visualization , prediction , signaling 
etc. -rrb- to tackle chronic disease and influence positive health outcome . 
my role as a Ops Manager involve 
connect with partner , collaborator and user startup-related task : create presentation , market research 
and manage the daily operation of the company 
junior trainer/presenter at Wildlife Reserves Singapore 
July 2010 - present -lrb- 5 year 4 month -rrb- 
present animal show Husbandry of animal Enrichment Educating visitor about animal conservation 
PHD Researcher at Nanyang Technological University -lrb- NTU Singapore -rrb- 
January 2014 - November 2014 -lrb- 11 month -rrb- 
functional study about the neural circuitry in the brain and how it change under stress use resilient 
model . 
Research Associate at Nanyang Technological University 
November 2012 - January 2014 -lrb- 1 year 3 month -rrb- 
Neuroscience research on stress and resilience use animal model . 
Research Intern at Genome Institute of Singapore at a * star 
August 2012 - September 2012 -lrb- 2 month -rrb- 
work on identify biomarker that play a important role in target cancer therapy . 
datum mine to 
identify biomarker in existence and they relevant drug response in target cancer therapy . 
language 
tamil -lrb- native or bilingual proficiency -rrb- 
Hindi -lrb- full professional proficiency -rrb- 
Kannada -lrb- native or bilingual proficiency -rrb- 
English -lrb- native or bilingual proficiency -rrb- 
project 
brain computer interface by eeg modulation 
March 2009 to November 2009 
member : Yamini B. , vinoth S. , Uma Bhavani 
page2 
design and construct a Brain Computer Interface -lrb- BCI -rrb- use LABVIEW and ELVIS to detect visually 
evoke potential and train user to control the glowing of a lead on the computer screen by voluntary 
electroencephalogram -lrb- eeg -rrb- modulation . 
this BCI system require only two electrode , and have a relatively 
short training time for both the user and the machine . 
this will be greatly beneficial for paralytic patient . 
auto tracking of movement of a mouse in a maze use LabVIEW : 
May 2009 to May 2010 
member : Yamini B. , vinoth S. , Uma Bhavani , Thenmozhi 
design and construct a system to automatically track the movement of mouse in a 8 arm radial maze . 
we use IR sensor fit into the side of each arm of the maze and connect that to a pcb which be 
connect to the computer with labview . 
this maze be design to perform study on the spatial learning 
and memory of rodent . 
the basic information necessary to the researcher be the entry of the mouse in each 
arm and the time spend by the mouse in each arm . 
use the analog circuit as well as labview we be able 
to provide the above information . 
design of a motion capture system for upper limb movement analysis 
March 2011 to December 2011 
member : Yamini B. 
design a optimal system to track the upper limb movement of normal subject perform activity of 
daily live use Qualysis Motion track system and address issue such as occlusion of marker and 
space constraint to provide a stable and reliable system for future trial to be conduct on stroke patient in 
hospital . 
honor and award 
first place in paper presentation at national level technical symposium 
Anna University 
March 2009 
present a paper title `` use of biomaterial in tissue engineering '' and be award the first place for that 
presentation . 
second place in paper presentation at inter collegiate symposium 
Jerusalem College of Engineering 
September 2008 
present a paper title `` use of neural Networks in breast cancer detection '' 
first place in poster design competition 
Bannari Amman Institute of Technology 
October 2009 
design a poster on the theme `` global opportunite and challenge of Technical student '' in the 12th iste 
student ' National Convention . 
volunteer experience 
volunteer teacher at SINDA 
page3 
August 2011 - present -lrb- 4 year 3 month -rrb- 
Conduct reading class for child on weekend to help they improve they english reading skill . 
certification 
rculum 
September 2012 
skill & expertise 
Matlab 
Labview 
biomedical Engineering 
image processing 
Microsoft Office 
biomaterial 
molecular biology 
medical Devices 
Microsoft Excel 
Medical Research 
qualysis 
Motion Capture 
datum mining 
real-time Data Acquisition 
Photoshop 
education 
Nanyang Technological University 
MSc , Biomedical Engineering , 2010 - 2011 
Anna University 
bachelor of Engineering -lrb- B.E. -rrb- , Biomedical/Medical Engineering , 2006 - 2010 
activity and society : student council , ngo-third Vision 
Bishop Cotton 's women christian college 
2004 - 2006 
activity and society : modelling , dance 
interest 
animal , write , reading , artwork , travel 
Organizations 
Madras Crocodile Bank Trust 
Goodwill Ambassador 
June 2015 to present 
page4 
Yamini Bhaskar 
Operations Manager at Holmusk 
contact Yamini on LinkedIn 
