Page1 
Donnabelle Embodo 
Project Manager at Holmusk 
Summary 
IT Service Management professional with 6 years industry experience specilizing in mobile & telecom support, 
 network infrastructure, computer hardware/software troubleshooting, application support and event organising. 
Experience 
Project Manager at Holmusk 
September 2015 - Present (2 months) 
Senior IT Specialist at McKinsey & Company 
January 2014 - October 2014 (10 months) 
Key Responsibilities Leads IT Operations and provide 1st and 2nd level end-user support on hardware and 
 software applications. Conduct end user training for IT products and services. Coach and develop colleagues. 
 Provide specialized support in organising end to end IT logistics for client events locally and overseas. 
 Manage tickets to ensure SLA is met. 
IT Specialist at McKinsey & Company 
January 2011 - December 2013 (3 years) 
Key Responsibilities Provide end-user support on hardware and software applications, including Windows, 
 Lotus Notes, Lotus Domino, Software Deployment, Blackberry, iOS and Android. Install, configure, 
 maintain, and update IT hardware and software. Collaborate with Global Help Desk and backend IT 
 teams to provide technical support. Administer and improve LAN/WAN infrastructure. Support seamless 
 operation of video and audio conferencing and other infrastructure services. Assist on-site presentation and 
 events, as well as special IT requests from client teams. Manage procurement, vendor relationship and IT 
 administration (e.g., asset management, documentation, workflow tracking). Collaborate with central IT and 
 office IT to deploy projects locally and regionally. Monitor IT processes & services effectiveness. 
Contractor IT Specialist at McKinsey & Company 
August 2010 - December 2010 (5 months) 
Key Responsibilities Managed the back-end IT operations. Configure and test printers for deployment. 
 Imaged laptops for new and existing users. Performed quality test on all IT equipment prior to issuance. 
 Tagged and upload assets to the CRM tool. Maintain IT storeroom and server room. 
Dell Technical Support Specialist at Stream Global Services - Dell Computers 
March 2008 - July 2010 (2 years 5 months) 
Page2 
Key Responsibilities Handled technical issues for Dell's corporate desktop and laptop users via phone, 
 email and chat. Helped users resolved various computer issues such as blue screens, virus infection, slow 
 performance and hardware related malfunctions. Performed preventive and maintenance solutions like 
 upgrades, data back up & recovery, anti-virus installation and software updates. Evaluated computer systems 
 for parts replacement and processed onsite technician dispatch if required. Dell Certified System Expert 
 (DCSE) and undergone training for Microsoft Windows Vista, Microsoft Windows 7 and computer system 
 Tear down through Dell's Technical Training Program. Received the 'Customer Experience 100 Club' by 
 Dell Global Support Services, awarded to employees with high customer satisfaction score. 
AT&T Communications Network Support Technician at Sykes Asia Inc. 
April 2007 - March 2008 (1 year) 
Key Responsibilities Provided technical support for AT&T High Speed and Dial up subscribers in the US. 
 Assisted end users on network connectivity issues, technical service inquiries and how-to s. Configured 
 modem, router, switch and printer to setup basic home and office network. Coordinated with other 
 departments within the organisation resulting to a timely issue resolution. Escalated problem tickets to 
 approprieate software vendor and OEM. 
Volunteer Experience 
Volunteer at Singapore Red Cross 
November 2013 - December 2013 (2 months) 
Assisted in repacking relief goods for typhoon victims. 
Volunteer at Metropolitan YMCA Singapore 
Volunteered for Y Photo Club. A programme that aims to equip beneficiaries with photography skills through 
 indoor theory and outdoor practical sessions. As an extension of the Y Arts Challenge programme, Y Photo 
 Club hopes to provide beneficiaries with a new found wholesome hobby whilst helping them realise and 
 showcase their undiscovered creativity, as they grow their self-confidence and enhance their social skills. 
Projects 
Office Renovation 
November 2011 to May 2012 
Members:Donnabelle Embodo 
The project covers renovation of existing office space and expansion. I was involved in planning, design and 
 implementation of Network and IT Infrastructure (e.g. server room, network cabling, workstation layout). 
 Supervised and coordinated with various 3rd party vendors to carry out works. 
Asian Spider Event 
October 2012 to October 2013 
Members:Donnabelle Embodo 
Page3 
In charge of the overall IT Logistics which includes provisioning of AV equipment under standard cost. 
 Worked with the organising team in drafting the event flow and gathering of IT requirements. Managed the 
 event on the ground. 
Languages 
English (Full professional proficiency) 
Tagalog (Native or bilingual proficiency) 
Certifications 
ITIL Foundation Certificate in IT Service Management V3 
CSME, Inc. License 100615051 December 2013 
Dell Certified Systems Expert 
Dell License DCSE Tech ID: 518756 March 2008 
Skills & Expertise 
XP 
Operating Systems 
Technical Support 
Microsoft Exchange 
Active Directory 
Windows 7 
Windows 
BMC Remedy 
Windows XP 
IT Service Management 
VPN 
System Administration 
Blackberry Enterprise Server 
Network Administration 
Troubleshooting 
Windows Server 
Software Installation 
Laptops 
Help Desk Support 
Computer Hardware 
Citrix 
ITIL Certified 
Education 
Ateneo de Davao University 
Bachelor's degree, Information Technology, 2003 - 2007 
Activities and Societies: Microsoft Visual Studio Workshop by Lane Systems Inc., Multimedia X2 Experience, 
 PSITE 3rd Mindanao Conference on IT Education 
Page4 
Interests 
Emerging technologies, Social Media marketing, Tech Start up, IT Service Management, Psychology, Travel, 
 Yoga, Running 
Page5 
Donnabelle Embodo 
Project Manager at Holmusk 
Contact Donnabelle on LinkedIn
