PERSONAL DETAILS 
Name: Ma. Donnabelle Embodo 
Address: Davao City, Philippines 
Mobile: +63 9179316788 
Email: donnaembodo@gmail.com 
 Nationality: Filipino 
 Languages: Tagalog (native), English (fluent) 
 LinkedIn: http://sg.linkedin.com/pub/donnabelle-embodo/3b/a76/395/ 
 Key Skills: 
 Technical/Helpdesk Support 
 Troubleshooting 
 Customer service 
 Network & Infrastructure administration 
 IT Service Management 
 Project Management 
 Event organization 
 General administration 
TECHNICAL PROFICIENCY 
 
Certifications: ITIL Foundation in IT Service Management V3, Dell Certified Systems Expert 
Systems: Windows XP/Vista/7/8/Server 03/08, MAC OSX, VMWare, 
Software: MS-Office Suite, Active Directory, Remote Desktop, VoIP, Citrix, Lotus Notes, 
Adobe Photoshop, Adobe Premeir, WordPress, HTML, CSS, JavaScript 
Hardware: Dell Computers, Macintosh, IBM/Lenovo, Polycom Conference, HP/Canon/Fuji 
Xerox Printers, Avaya, Blackberry, iPad 
Productivity Tools: Cloud Storage, Google Productivity Suite, OneNote, Evernote, Asana, Trello, 
Hipchat 
 
EMPLOYMENT HISTORY 
 
August 2010 - October 2014 McKinsey & Company, Singapore 
 Position: Senior IT Specialist, January 2014 October 2014 
 Key responsibilities 
Managed IT operations in Singapore and oversee other South East Asia offices 
Led regional IT service management projects 
Drove policy analysis and process improvement initiatives 
Provided 2nd level end-user support on hardware devices & software applications 
Managed tickets for the region to ensure SLA is met, create and analyze reports 
for problem ticket and escalation 
Head the IT Office Network and Infrastructure in South East Asia- managing 
downtime, supervising network upgrade and maintenance operations 
Create user manuals and conduct end user trainings for IT products and services 
Cater specialized support in organizing end-to-end IT logistics for client and 
internal events locally and overseas 
Managed vendor relationship and transactions 
 
Key Achievements & Projects 
Completed ITIL Foundation Certificate in IT Service Management V3 
Led regional projects gears to improve office work lifestyle through technology 
Asia Week 2014, the largest annual conference of firm partners and directors 
across Asia Pacific. Event head responsible for Audio Visual and innovation 
gallery. 
Asian Spider Event 2014, client event showcasing the firm s latest innovation. 
Headed IT logistics, AV setup and overall IT support throughout the 2 day event. 
McKinsey & Company, Singapore 
Position: IT Specialist, August 2010 December 2013 
 Key Responsibilities 
 
Provide 1st level end-user support on hardware and software applications, 
including Windows, Lotus Notes, Lotus Domino, Software Deployment, 
Blackberry, iOS and Android. Install, configure, maintain, and update IT hardware 
and software. 
Collaborate with Global Help Desk and backend IT teams to provide technical 
support. Administer and improve LAN/WAN infrastructure. Support seamless 
operation of video and audio conferencing and other infrastructure services. 
Manage procurement, vendor relationship and IT administration (e.g., asset 
management, documentation, workflow tracking). Collaborate with central IT and 
office IT to deploy projects locally and regionally. Monitor IT processes & 
services effectiveness. 
Key Achievements & Projects 
Leads the Singapore office IT Operations focusing on event support, IT 
infrastructure 
 
Appointed expert in providing telecom and mobile support 
 
Windows 7 Migration, migrated over 200 users from Windows XP to Windows 7 
system. Administered the procurement and configuration of laptops and 
desktops. Conducted end user training. 
 
Singapore Office Renovation, the project scope is to renovate existing office 
space and expansion. Project lead for IT Infrastructure & Network planning, 
design and implementation. Managed the office move logistics involving user 
testing, communication, training and adoption. 
Asian Spider Event, in-charge of the overall IT Logistics: provisioning of AV 
equipment under standard cost, drafting the event flow, gathering of IT 
requirements and managing the event on the ground. 
ASO Connectivity and Capability, supported a large-scale internal company 
event in Bali, Indonesia. Responsible for AV and IT support onsite. Planned 
equipment provision and manage manpower capacity allocation. 
 
 
 
 
March 2008 July 2010 Stream Global Services, Philippines 
 Position: Technical Support Analyst (Dell Large & Corporate Business) 
 
Key Responsibilities 
 
Handled technical issues for Dell's corporate desktop and laptop users via 
phone, email and chat. Helped users resolved various computer issues such as 
blue screens, virus infection, slow performance and hardware related 
malfunctions. Performed preventive and maintenance solutions like upgrades, 
data backup & recovery, anti-virus installation and software updates. Evaluated 
computer systems for parts replacement and processed onsite technician 
dispatch if required. 
 
Key Achievements 
 
Dell Certified System Expert (DCSE) certification and undergone training for 
 
Certification for Microsoft Windows Vista, Microsoft Windows 7 
 
Certification for Dell System Tear down via Dell's Technical Training Program 
 
Customer Experience 100 Club by Dell Global Support Services, awarded to 
employees with high customer satisfaction score. 
 
April 2007 March 2008 Sykes Asia Incorporated, Philippines 
Position: Network Support Technician (AT&T DSL & Dialup) 
 
Key Responsibilities 
 
Provided technical support for AT&T High Speed and Dial-Up subscribers in the 
US. Assisted end users on network connectivity issues, technical service 
inquiries and How-To s. Configured modem, router, switch and printer to setup 
basic home and office network. Coordinated with other departments within the 
organization resulting to a timely issue resolution. Escalated problem tickets to 
appropriate software vendor and OEM. 
 
Key Achievements 
 
Consistently earned high Customer Satisfaction rating by practicing end-to-end 
case ownership and timely resolution 
 
Moved from supporting consumers to handling business accounts with larger 
network setup 
 
EDUCATION Bachelor of Science in Information Technology, Year 2003 2007 
 Ateneo de Davao University 
Jacinto St. Davao City, Philippines 
 
INTERESTS Yoga, Travel, Mountain climbing, Diving, Reading 
 
CHARACTER REFERENCE 
 
 Bhong Salumbides Trixie Lynn Mendoza Christopher Tan 
 +63 9183491201 +63 9176693139 +65 98353200 
 Team Lead, Sykes Asia Inc Team Lead, Stream Global Services IT Manager, McKinsey & Company
