Page1 
Russell Ong 
Senior Software Engineer - iOS at ReQall PTE LTD 
Summary 
- iOS and Android Application Development with app on the App Store - Various Smartwatches SDK 
 implementation - Web application development for various clients using Ruby on Rails. - Various Facebook 
 API integration - Various OAuth/OpenID integration Specialties: Mobile/Web Application Development, 
 CMS/CRM/ERP Development, iOS/Android Development, Facebook/Twitter Application Development, 
 Ruby, Ruby on Rails, Objective-C, REST/SOAP Frameworks, OAuth/OpenID Integration 
Experience 
Senior Software Engineer at ReQall Technologies PTE LTD 
March 2012 - Present (3 years 8 months) 
- Mobile Applications development using native iOS and Android. - Integration with various smartwatch 
 SDKs (Pebble, Samsung Gear/Gear Fit, Qualcomm Toq, Sony SmartWatch, Android Wear, iWatch) - 
 Integration with Auto manufacturer SDKs (mySPIN) 
Assistant Professor at Chiang Kai Shek College 
June 2009 - April 2012 (2 years 11 months) 
Senior Software Engineer at Rivereo 
January 2011 - March 2012 (1 year 3 months) 
- Web/Mobile Application Development - Various API integration 
Software Engineer at Exist Global 
August 2010 - December 2010 (5 months) 
Web Application Development 
Senior Software Engineer at Brewed Concepts Inc 
July 2006 - August 2010 (4 years 2 months) 
Web Developer Team Management Systems Architect 
Web/Mobile Developer at E Commerce Percs 
April 2006 - July 2006 (4 months) 
Mobile/Web Application Development 
Projects 
ZeroIN 
Page2 
April 2013 to Present 
Members:Russell O., Yat Pan Ng 
ZeroIN is the first context-aware, intelligent messaging app for the car. It uses your personal smartphone 
 to keep email distractions to a minimum, no matter what car you're in. Only messages that are important, 
 contain actionable content and merit attention are read out, and drivers can simply respond by voice to 
 keep their eyes on the road and hands on the wheel. Stay connected to what's important - ZeroIN restricts 
 incoming messages to just those from important contacts, and then distills the content to just the parts that 
 require your attention. Take action safely reply to both incoming and pending action items via voice. 
Recordr 
December 2012 to Present 
Members:Russell O., Grae Joquico 
Recordr is the easiest audio/sound/voice recorder you can find. You can have the recordings automatically 
 sync across your devices with iCloud. It even allows you to record and play in the background! Other 
 features includes: 1. Sync files via your iTunes. 2. Share recordings via SoundCloud 3. Backup media files 
 to your Dropbox account 4. Upload to your Google Drive Account 5. Send to friends via E-Mail. Recordr 
 produces high quality recordings that can be used for interviews. 
SoFAB.com.ph 
September 2010 to Present 
Members:Russell O., Bryan Chan, Richard G., Grae Joquico 
CMG.com.ph 
December 2010 to Present 
Members:Russell O., Richard G., Bryan Chan, Grae Joquico 
SoFAB iPad Application 
January 2011 to Present 
Members:Russell O., Richard G., Bryan Chan 
Languages 
English 
Filipino 
Chinese 
Skills & Expertise 
Ruby on Rails 
Ruby 
Facebook API 
Objective-C 
AJAX 
jQuery 
Web Services 
iOS Developer 
JavaScript 
Page3 
REST 
iOS 
Git 
Android 
PostgreSQL 
HTML 5 
JSON 
Titanium 
SOAP 
Education 
De La Salle University 
MSCS, IT, 2010 - 2012 
Chiang Kai Shek College 
BSCS, Computer Science, 2002 - 2006 
Interests 
Webdev, Photography, Scuba Diving, Travel 
Publications 
Qualcomm Developer of the month 
 July 1, 2014 
Authors: Russell O. 
Page4 
Russell Ong 
Senior Software Engineer - iOS at ReQall PTE LTD 
5 people have recommended Russell 
"It is great working with Russell! A very intuitive guy and knows where to punch and deliver codes. He 
seamlessly integrated Facebook with one of our big projects and cramped tons of AJAX functionality 
on another. On a different light, he is always eager to help and share his knowledge to others. And thirst 
to discover more, learn more tricks and experiment with new technology, approach, techniques and 
implementations." 
 Richard G., managed Russell at Rivereo 
"Russell was a very productive person a colleague and friend who has a "can-do" attitude. It was my pleasure 
working with him for 2 years with him on major business projects and was impressed with the depth of 
knowledge he possesses. Russell is a careful and great software engineer. Self motivated and a proactive 
strategist. Deliver results all the time but make no mistake, the guy knows how to have fun. That's Russell's 
way. I strongly recommend him." 
 Jurgen Estanislao, UXC, Digital Projects Manager, Thousand Minds Social Media, worked with Russell 
at Brewed Concepts Inc 
"Russell is a great colleague! An excellent programmer/developer who has strong dedication and appreciation 
in all of the projects he handle. He is full of ideas and knowledge which he always share to his co-workers. 
Good job! :)" 
 Darryl Anne Gutierrez, worked directly with Russell at Brewed Concepts Inc 
"Russell is a great team-player, an excellent ROR geek, fast learner and a great buddy! ;-) Keep it up!" 
 Jeremy D., worked directly with Russell at Brewed Concepts Inc 
"Russell is unbeatable especially in programming techniques. He is self-motivated person. Also I really like 
the way he treated his co-worker... Just continue being YOU and keep it up!!!" 
 Jenilee S., worked directly with Russell at Brewed Concepts Inc 
Contact Russell on LinkedIn
